- Company background: 
    + A major gas and electricity utility supplier for small and medium-sized enterprises
    + Concerns about customer churn due to the increasing competitors with varying options

- Potential key reasons for customer churn (Hypothesis):
    + Price Differentiation and Segmentation: 
        Since there has been more and more utility providers in recent years, 
        price is one of the most important features to gain competitive advantages. 
        Therefore, customers could leave a provider due to the high energy costs while they do not see many discrete 
        differences between utility providers
    + Location: 
        Customers may find other utility providers that are more conveniently located near them.
    + Utility lines maintenance: 
        Regular issues with gas and electricity lines, such as losing electricity, 
        wrong measurement of electricity meter can lead to customers switching energy providers.
    + Customer Service: 
        Unpleasant customer support and service experiences could drive customers' changes to other providers
    + Clean Energy: 
        Since the world and people is moving towards clean and renewable energy, this could be another reasons 
        for PowerCo's customer churn if the company does not meet customers' expectations.

- Data Requirements:
    + Customer Demographic:
        This may include name, age, location, gender, job, income level to understand demographic trends, including key customer 
        locations, main income groups, main age groups,… by PowerCo.
    + Enegy Consumption: 
        This will help identify customers' behaviours by examining energy usage measurements, history billing invoices, 
        service-related inquiries. It is possible that customers with high level of energy consumption will switch to other 
        providers offering more competitive prices.
    + Pricing information: 
        Historical pricing, discounts and promotion strategies to assess PowerCo's competitive advantages.
    + Customer Service Records: 
        This may comprise logs of customer complaints, inquiries, and PowerCo's solutions to measure customers' satisfactory level 
        with customer support.
    + Customer Churn Feedbacks or Surveys: 
        To identify what are the primary reasons that customers deciding to leave PowerCo.

- Data Analysis and Visualization:
    + Exploratory Data Analysis and Data Cleaning: 
        To explore and understand data distribution and patterns by creating charts, tables, summaries, and indentify unusual 
        examples. For example, visualization can include clusters of customers exhibiting similar churn characteristics and 
        behaviours, or beneficial locations, age and income target groups for PowerCo.
    + Correlation Analysis: 
        To assess the relationship between variables, such as pricing and churn rates, income level and churn rates, location and 
        churn rates, enery usage and churn rates, etc.
    + Topic Modeling and Sentiment Analysis: 
        Apply this on Customer Service Records and Customer Churn Feedbacks to identify major issues that PowerCo's customers experience 
        and complain about and what are their sentiments on those problems.
    + Machine Learning techniques: 
        Using Random Forest to identify the most important factors affecting PowerCo's 
        customer churn rates and to predict potential customers churn.